related-tooling.md: Add pulp-insta-demo.sh (#253)
pulp/pulpproject.org: related-tooling.md

See [latest slide deck](http://people.redhat.com/mdepaulo/presentations/Introduction%20to%20pulp-operator.pdf) for more info.

## pulp-insta-demo.sh

> [A script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pulp/pulp-operator/master/insta-demo/pulp-insta-demo.sh) to install Pulp 3 on Linux systems with as many plugins as possible and an uninstaller.

Reviewer: Can these lines wrap at 100 chars please? Similar below.

Author: Sure, will do.

Works by installing [K3s (lightweight kubernetes)](https://k3s.io/), and then deploying pulp-operator on top of it.

> Is not considered production because pulp-operator is not production yet, and it hides every config options. Only Suitable as a quick wat to evaluate Pulp for the time being.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Is not considered production ready because pulp-operator is not yet, and it hides every config options. Only suitable as a quick way to evaluate Pulp for the time being.
```

Author: Incorporated in my latest commit.
